Feature/remove deprecated code types (#369)
LLNL/sundials: CHANGELOG.md

# SUNDIALS Changelog

## Changes to SUNDIALS in release 7.0.0

> The previously deprecated types `realtype` and `booleantype` were removed from `sundials_types.h`.
> Users should use `sunrealtype` and `sunbooleantype` instead, but the old names for the types
> can be used by including the header file `sundials_types_old.h`.

Reviewer: I think we'd decided on naming this `sundials_types_deprecated.h`. Also slight re-wording to not suggest users use these types.
```suggestion
The previously deprecated types `realtype` and `booleantype` were removed from `sundials_types.h`
and replaced with `sunrealtype` and `sunbooleantype`. The deprecated names for these types
can be used by including the header file `sundials_types_deprecated.h` but will be fully removed in the
next major release.
```

Reviewer: Also need to add this entry to the change log in the package docs
